your line let me show you how to unlock
a beautiful UK Motorola v5 to five so in
this video I'm going to use the v3 put
the p3 in the v55 before the exact same
processes in order to lock logs and
credit is basically any other network
than the original network this is a
Rogers bone so what I'm doing is I'm
putting a t-mobile SIM card in it
Rogers in Canada t-mobile's in the US it
doesn't matter what network now it
doesn't necessarily have to be the SIM
card that you're going to use with the
phone like for example t-mobile SIM card
I put in actually doesn't have a live
line on it but it will work so this
point you've gone to global off comm
you've got your unlock code and you are
ready to go a couple things you make a
contact service provided messages that
means that you've tried the wrong code
too many times we've got ways to get
around that so don't worry about that
message now you've got intercept city
code so what you need to do right now is
you need to enter the subsidy code into
the phone so I'm going to enter the one
again it's unique for this bone so it's
not going to work on your phone and you
can't even see it because who I'm typing
3 0 9 9 9 8 4 7 so once you've done that
you click the top line here says ok
watch what happens
now chose Fido now chose the number that
was actually on the sim current I should
know father it was a vital mystified Oh
phone which is owned by Rogers so now
it's particularly Network it's not going
to find a network
how would you like to personalize No
so what's going to happen is you're
actually able to enter into the menus
that actually shows that the phone has
been unlocked where before same t-mobile
SIM card that is in there when I put
that in you are not able to actually
make calls with this phone it's an inter
subsidy code now that you're actually
able to do that thank you very much we
hope you really enjoyed this video go to
global unlock calm and get your phone
unlocked if you haven't already got the
unlock code if you have thank you very
much for your business and I hope you
enjoyed it thicker and I'm Robert Hardy
and we're from Providence Rhode Island
and I have a blackberry and I have a
blackjack and we recently switched to
t-mobile and our phones which are from
AT&T did not work for that so we went to
global.com we got our codes you type
them in and now it works great so thanks
a lot and keep up the good work thank
you my name's Amanda I'm from LA New
York and I lost my phone with globalnoc
I have a blackberry pearl he went to all
with the t-mobile
and I want to use a teensy SIM card on
it so I placed an order in on Saturday
night and if they said it would come
within one to three days and it came
first thing on Monday I got email with a
code and video instructions and they
made it really easy to left my phone and
now a deaf news your service again
you